{
  "success_testimonies_list": [
    {
      "student_name": "Tiffany",
      "course": "BSc Management",
      "testimony": "As I approach my fourth year of living in Manchester, I have come to believe that it is truly one of the best cities in the UK that one can choose for university. The city itself has so much to offer, no matter the interests. My personal favourite activity to do around the city centre is going to new restaurants with my friends, while I know people who love going to football games as there are two famous stadiums that can be easily reached. Additionally, the city is great hub for culture so there are always unique events and exhibits happening. I will always remember the feeling of awe when I walked around the Christmas markets for the first time and eating as much as I possibly could because everything looked so delicious. University is not all about studying and there is plenty of shopping and fun activities to fill a day of well-deserved break. Discovering Manchester’s unique districts like Chinatown or Northern Quarter has really made me fall in love with the city and I love being able to say that I have lived here. On my BSc Management course, I have been able to interact with peers from all over the world and I am so grateful for the opportunity to build my network. The university itself also offers ample opportunities to both make sure you stay connected with your home culture while integrating yourself locally. As an international student, it is very likely there will be a society for your home country and if there is not, there is always the International Society. The International Society was a great way for me to meet new people. They also frequently set up trips around the UK to show what the country has to offer. Having travelled a bit around the UK myself, I would advise everyone to not miss out on the natural beauty, like the Lake District, and historic towns, like York, that are a quick train ride away. Joining a society in general was one of the best things that helped me with making friends and adapting to university life in a new country. Furthermore, an important aspect of being an international student is applying for jobs. The extensive career services and staff support at the Alliance Manchester Business School makes me feel confident in applying for jobs as an international student in the UK. Applying for jobs in a foreign country is one of the toughest things to navigate as there are so many nuances and local customs that could greatly affect the outcome. However, there is a range of guides and resources, from mock interviews to example questions, that the university provides so while applying to summer internships and my year placement, I was able to easily understand what employers were looking for and was able to secure offers. Before coming here, it seemed so daunting to have to juggle living in a new country and studying at university, but I have had the absolute best time. Although I have not acquired the accent yet, I do feel like a tiny part of myself is British now.",
      "source": "https://sites.manchester.ac.uk/humanities-blog/2024/05/02/int-student-experience/"
    }
  ],
  "failure_testimonies_list": []
}